A block-structured mining approach to support process discovery Deploying process-driven information systems is a time-consuming and error-prone. Constructing process models from scratch is a complicated time-consuming task that often requires high expertise. And there are discrepancies between the actual workflow processes and the processes as perceived by the management. Therefore, techniques for discovering process models have been developed. Process mining just attempts to improve this by automatically generating a process model from sets of systems' executions (audit logs). In this paper, a block structured process mining approach from audit logs to support process discovery is designed. Compare with other algorithms, the result of this approach is more visible and understanding of process model. This approach is used to a widely commercial tool for the visualization and analysis of process model. © 2008 IEEE. 

A bottom-up workflow mining approach for workflow applications analysis Engineering workflow applications are becoming more and more complex, involving numerous interacting business objects within considerable processes. Analysing the interaction structure of those complex applications will enable them to be well understood, controlled, and redesigned. Our contribution to workflow mining is a statistical technique to discover workflow patterns from event-based log. Our approach is characterised by a "local" workflow patterns discovery that allows to cover partial results through a dynamic programming algorithm. Those local discovered workflow patterns are then composed iterativety until discovering the global workflow model. Our approach has been implemented within our prototype WorkflowMiner. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006. Business process Analysis; Business process intelligence; Workflow mining; Workflow patterns

A business process mining application for internal transaction fraud mitigation Corporate fraud these days represents a huge cost to our economy. In the paper we address one specific type of corporate fraud, internal transaction fraud. Given the omnipresence of stored history logs, the field of process mining rises as an adequate answer to mitigating internal transaction fraud. Process mining diagnoses processes by mining event logs. This way we can expose opportunities to commit fraud in the followed process. In this paper we report on an application of process mining at a case company. The procurement process was selected as example for internal transaction fraud mitigation. The results confirm the contribution process mining can provide to business practice. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Internal fraud; Process mining; Transaction fraud

A Case Study of The Intelligent Process Decentralization Method several researches have been conducted to decompose business processes in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). There exist several methods that encapsulate each activity of a business process in one agent, while other methods focus on fragmenting a business process and encapsulate each fragment in an agent. As the mentioned approaches decompose a business process without considering the adaptability of a process with run-time environment, the intelligent business process decentralization (IPD) has been presented that uses a process mining approach. This novel approach detects the frequent paths of a business process and encapsulates the most relevant activities as agents. Being disseminated on a network, the agents are able to communicate with each other through a middleware. This essay shows how IPD algorithm works and detects the frequent paths of a loan taking process to decompose it. Adaptive Systems; Service Oriented Architecture; Distributed Orchestrate Engine; Business Process Decomposition; Frequent Path Mining

A case study on analyzing inter-organizational business processes from EDI messages using physical activity mining In order to achieve their goals, organizations collaborate with business partners. Such collaborations represent enactments of inter-organizational business processes and may be supported through the exchange of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) messages (e.g., electronic purchase orders, invoices etc.). For gaining insights on such processes, recently two distinct approaches for enabling the application of process mining techniques on inter-organizational business processes based on the interchanged EDI messages have been proposed: (i) Message Flow Mining (MFM) and (ii) Physical Activity Mining (PAM). In this paper, we present a case study in which we apply the PAM methodology on a real-world EDI data set obtained from a German manufacturer of consumer goods. Our results demonstrate potential insights that can be gained from applying process mining techniques in the context of inter-organizational business processes. © 2014 IEEE. 

A case study on designing business processes based on collaborative and mining approaches Companies invest a significant amount of time and resources to discover and represent how they work into business processes models. However, traditional process mapping has been done in an ad hoc manner and tends to be resource-intensive and time-consuming due to the informal and ambiguous collection of process information. The Story Mining Method aims to address those problems by the union of free-form narratives about processes and the usage of Text Mining and Natural Language techniques for text translation into process models. This paper presents a case study of the method, detailing its implementation as well as major issues found on a practical scenario within an organization. © 2010 IEEE. 

A clustering approach for artifact-centric business process models Artifact-centric business process has emerged as a representative paradigm of data-centric business process. Being similar to the traditional control-centric business process management, process clustering is also a critical procedure for process mining, process retrieval, process analysis, etc. Process similarity is a very important indicator for process clustering. According to the features of process model, this paper proposes a clustering approach for artifact-centric business process models. Firstly, process similarity is measured based on the key artifact, process structure and process behavior. Secondly, a clustering algorithm for artifact-centric business process models is presented. Lastly, experimental results have proved that the approach is accurate and effective. © 2012 Binary Information Press. Artifact; BPM; Clustering; Graph matching; Lifecycle tree; Process similarity
